Mirroring policy (#1175)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-the-mirroring-policy-for-a-repository.adoc

[id="Changing_the_Mirroring_Policy_for_a_Repository_{context}"]
= Changing the Mirroring Policy for a Repository

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: There is no need to two empty lines; one is sufficient.

You can set the mirroring policy for a repository.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Select the product name.
. On the *Repositories* tab, click the repository name, locate the *Mirroring Policy* field, and click the edit icon.

> . From the list, select the required mirroring policy and then click `Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the list, select a mirroring policy and click *Save*.
```

Elements from the Foreman Web UI are always bold (`*`), user input is generally in fixed width fonts.

> [[changing_the_mirroring_policy_for_a_repository]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="Changing_the_Mirroring_Policy_for_a_Repository_{context}"]
```

Reviewer: This has not been resolved yet as far as I can tell.

= Changing the Mirroring Policy for a Repository

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: @maximiliankolb this new ID should have ` _{context}` appended to it also, IIRC?

Reviewer 2: Ah I see your other comment!

You can set the mirroring policy for a repository.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Select the required product name.
. On the *Repositories* tab, click the required repository name, locate the *Mirroring Policy* field, and click the edit icon.

> . From the list, select the required mirroring policy and then click `Save`.

Reviewer: I am unsure about "required" in this procedure. Maybe "select a product" is sufficient?

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This has not been resolved yet as far as I can tell.
